greetings on the Internet realm Gerry
bloop here with uninformed video game
reviews the series where I review video
games that I've never played because I
have no money of my own and I don't know
where my mom is
today is June since this is the first
video of uninformed video game reviews
there might be a few kinks to work out
so bear with me while I figure this out
alright first of all I forgot pants all
right now that I have pants on let's get
the uninformed reviews started the first
game is Mario Galaxy 2 which is for the
Nintendo Wii mnestheus machine it's also
known as Mario eight and contains all
the plumbing action that you've loved
since you were wearing diapers
last year in this game you get to
collect coins and stars and you get to
jump on mean Turtles and you have to
kill the main turtle who is a demon king
turtle and save the queen of peaches
luckily you get your own nice turtle to
ride on name sushi it's a great game
that you should play and let me know how
it is because I don't have it the next
game is called blur and it's multi
console it's for the Sony three and also
the ice box 360 it's a car game where
you play as Gary the car and you have to
destroy the evil cars as deemed by the
great car council and save all car towns
I've never driven a car before but I did
Drive my neighbor Jeffrey's Power Wheels
once but I crashed it into his dad's
real car and I'm not allowed over there
anymore another brand new game - video
game land is trauma team which is come
out for the Nintendo Wii nice penis and
you play as a team of doctors who has to
fix body parts mostly boo
I don't know much about boobs so why
don't you tell me about trauma team but
actually talk about boobs that way my
mom won't figure out we're talking about
boobs and I won't get in trouble
actually she's usually drunk so she
won't know the difference anyway so play
the game tell me about it but mostly
let's talk boobs the final game this
month is Red Dead Redemption it's made
by the same guys who did Grand Theft
Auto it's on Sony three and ice box and
it's amazing game it's a first cowboy
video game in forever o clock in this
game you can shoot people which is scary
you can ride horses which is scarier and
you can talk to girls which is a
nightmare
made out of nightmares it looks like a
great game and I'd love to play it so
why don't you tell me about it instead
because I can all right now it's time
for the part of the show called game
life is real life where I try out
something from a video game to see if it
really works today I'm gonna try eating
mushrooms like Mario to see if I get
bigger because I can't ride on
rollercoasters luckily I found some
mushrooms underneath my sister's
mattress so I'll eat these and see if it
works
here we go these are the stuffing Mario
likes gross food
I'm flower girl
there's coins down there I can get coins
I can buy all the video games are one
alright coins here I come well the
mushrooms didn't work I didn't get
bigger but I sure got smellier that's it
for this month's episode keep playing
video games because I can't
good bye internet realm OH